<hr>
File okf.md contains short description of okf. Please update this file with more full definition and short examples of OKF files 

<hr>
Please update file "howto_context_wiki.md"
to describe how to create your own context wiki.

The process starts with defining the main 
topics and keywords, then downloading content
from the internet into the "raw" directory,
Then converting content into md files, finally
creating OKF files and interlinking them

<hr>
Please update the file "d3_howto_context_wiki.md"
with instructions for maintenance.
namely, how to add more documents, or how to remove some documents

<hr>
I have created directory "Context-Wiki-SOX"
for a context wiki about SOX Audit.
Please create subfolders as described in d3_howto_context_wiki.md

<hr>

I want to have an python-based thin MCP layer in front of this wiki. Please create python code for that

<hr>

Actually I don't need a server. I will use this MCP from Claude Code or from python via claude-agent-sdk. So i don't need an MCP  server. I jsut need a python module with find / grep functionality

<hr>

Please download SOX related docuemnts from internet to the 
Context-Wiki-SOX/Raw directory

This should include:
- SOX definitions and procedures
- regulatory guidance (including docs from SEC, AICPA, ...)
- SOX related points of view from big-four consulting firms
- Controls guidance from COSO and FEI
- Relevant SOX IT application control documentation from Oracle, SAP, Netsuite 

<hr>

Please use instructions in files
d2_docs2okf.md
d3_howto_context_wiki.md
to use files in RAW to create OKF files and create the wiki

<hr>

Please create a python script which can serve this wiki locally as a human-readable navigatable wiki with search functionality (like wikipedia).

Please serve it on local port 8020

<hr>

Please add a command to kill the server
Please create three scripts
Please rename three scripts: 
start_wiki, stop_wiki, restart_wiki
